Jaq: COME ON,
GUS GUS, FASTER!!
UH, WHAT'S THE HURRY,
JAQ JAQ?
WHAT'S THE HURRY?
FAIRY GODMOTHER'S HERE.
SHE'S GONNA READ US
THE CINDERELLY STORY!
UHH!
SHH!
POM POM!
[SNORING]
[POP]
[GASPS]
COME ON, GUS.
Fairy Godmother:
"CINDERELLA AND THE PRINCE
LIVED HAPPILY EVER AFTER."
OH! "THE END."
[LAUGHS]
[SIGH]
WE MISSED IT?
MM-HMM.
MAYBE YOU COULD
READ ANOTHER ONE.
OH, I'M SORRY, GUS,
BUT THAT'S THE ONLY
CINDERELLA BOOK THERE IS.
YEAH, GUS GUS.
YOU HEARD HER.
THE END!
THAT'S ALL.
OH. MAYBE WE COULD
MAKE ANOTHER BOOK.
WE CAN TELL
THE STORIES!!
AND MAKE
THE DRAWINGS!!
YEAH!
OH, WHAT
AN EXCELLENT IDEA.
NO, NO,
WAIT A MINUTE!
WHO'D WANT TO READ
A BOOK MADE BY MICE?
CINDERELLA
WOULD READ IT.
AND IF YOU MADE IT,
I KNOW THAT SHE'D LOVE IT.
BUT WE DON'T KNOW
HOW TO MAKE A BOOK.
OH, DON'T WORRY, DEAR.
I THINK I CAN HELP.
HMM?
♪♪ SALAGADOOLA
MECHICKA BOOLA ♪♪
♪♪ BIBBIDI BOBBIDI BOO ♪♪
♪♪ PUT 'EM TOGETHER
AND WHAT HAVE YOU GOT? ♪♪
♪♪ BIBBIDI BOBBIDI BOO ♪♪
Mice: OOH!
♪♪ NOW WHAT DO WE NEED?
A PENCIL INDEED ♪♪
♪♪ AND CRAYONS
AND GLITTER AND GLUE ♪
♪♪ WE'LL SEW UP THE BOOK
WITH A THREAD AND A HOOK ♪
♪♪ BIBBIDI BOBBIDI BOO ♪♪
Fairy Godmother:
OH, VERY NICE.
WELL DONE, LITTLE MICE.
BUT SOMETHING IS MISSING,
IT'S TRUE.
OH, LOOK THERE.
THE PAGES ARE BARE!
WE NEED A STORY FROM YOU.
WHO, US?
NO, NO, WE DON'T KNOW
ANY GOOD STORIES.
WAIT, WAIT!
HOW'S ABOUT...
FIRST DAY
IN CASTLE?
OH, YEAH!
THAT IS A GOOD ONE.
[CHUCKLES] I'D LOVE
TO HEAR ALL ABOUT IT.
[CHIRPING]
Jaq: IT WAS RIGHT
AFTER CINDERELLY
AND THE PRINCE
GOT MARRIED.
MICE MICE MOVED
TO THE BIG CASTLE.
WE HAD IT ALL
TO OURSELVES,
AND WE WERE HAVING
THE TIME OF OUR LIVES.
[SNORING]
[CLINK]
[TRUMPETS PLAYING]
CINDERELLY'S BACK!
OH, DEAR!
THEY'RE BACK!
[SNORING]
Both: THEY'RE BACK!
OH!
[HORSES WHINNYING]
WE'RE BACK.
WELCOME HOME.
I STILL CAN'T BELIEVE
I'M GOING TO LIVE
IN A CASTLE.
ARE YOU SURE THIS
ISN'T JUST A DREAM?
YOU'RE A PRINCESS NOW.
PRINCESS CINDERELLA.
SHE WON'T EVEN KNOW
THE FIRST THING
ABOUT BEING A PRINCESS.
SHE JUST GOT BACK
FROM HER HONEYMOON.
IT'S GOING TO BE YOUR DUTY
TO PREPARE THE GIRL.
YOUR MAJESTY,
I AM HONORED--
NOT YOU, NINNY.
PRUDENCE!
OF COURSE
NOT YOU.
HE WANTS THE JOB DONE
RIGHT THE FIRST TIME.
THE ROYAL BANQUET
WILL BE CINDERELLA'S
RESPONSIBILITY NOW.
THE...ROYAL BANQUET?
YOU'LL TEACH HER EVERYTHING
SHE NEEDS TO KNOW.
BUT, SIRE!
SHE WON'T
KNOW ANYTHING
ABOUT PLANNING
A ROYAL BANQUET!
I DON'T KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT
PLANNING A ROYAL BANQUET.
OH, WELL. AT LEAST I CAN
STAY PAST MIDNIGHT.
HA! PERFECT.
AND I'LL BE
RIGHT BY YOUR SIDE.
I HAVE TO GO? NOW?
FATHER, I CAN'T JUST
ABANDON MY PRINCESS.
NOT WITH
THE ROYAL BANQUET
ONLY 2 DAYS AWAY.
NONSENSE!
WE HAVE IMPORTANT MATTERS
OF STATE TO ATTEND TO.
IMPORTANT MATTERS
OF STATE!
UH, FATHER--UHH!
SHE HASN'T HAD
TIME TO PREPARE.
SHE'S NEVER BEEN
A PRINCESS BEFORE.
I DARE SAY,
MAJESTY, HEH,
YOU DO LIKE
YOUR BANQUETS
JUST SO, EH?
IT'S A GREAT DEAL
TO ASK OF THE POOR GIRL.
NONSENSE!
YOUR MAJESTY,
I CAN TAKE CARE
OF THE PREPARATIONS
AS I ALWAYS DO.
JUST SHOW HER WHAT TO DO.
WE HAVE A PRINCESS NOW.
IT'S HER DUTY
TO PLAN THE BANQUET,
AND THE KING'S DUTY
TO...ENDURE IT.
YES, YOUR MAJESTY.
NOW, OFF WE GO! UHH!
King: THANK YOU.
I'M SORRY
I HAVE TO RUSH OFF.
DON'T WORRY.
I'LL BE FINE.
I KNOW YOU'RE GONNA
SURPRISE US
WITH AN INCREDIBLE FEAST.
I JUST HOPE YOU'RE NOT
TOO SURPRISED.
Mice: CINDERELLY!
[GASPS]
JAQ, GUS, MARY!
HELLO, OLD FRIENDS.
[RUNNING FEET]
[RUFF]
BRUNO!
[LAUGHING]
LOOK, LOOK! BIG CHAIR!
FOR PRINCESS CINDERELLY!
OH, MY.
BIG CASTLE, TOO.
DON'T WORRY, CINDERELLY.
US MICE HERE TO HELP.
WHY, THANK YOU, JAQ.
WE'VE GOT A BIG DAY
AHEAD OF US TOMORROW.
UH, THIS WAY, FELLAS.
UHH!
HMM!
[CLOCK CHIMES 12 TIMES]
[SNORING]
AHEM.
GOOD MORNING,
YOUR HIGHNESS.
[PANTING]
[SLURP]
YOUR HIGHNESS!
[SNUFFLING]
OH!
PAH!
[PANTING]
READY FOR BREAKFAST?
HOW DOES
A CHEESE OMELETTE SOUND?
Prudence: THE PRINCESS
IS MISSING!
YOU! YOU, GIRL!
HAVE YOU SEEN
THE PRINCESS?
GOOD MORNING, PRUDENCE.
OH! I THOUGHT YOU--
BUT THOSE AWFUL CLOTHES!
WHY, I DIDN'T RECOGNIZE
YOU...YOUR HIGHNESS.
ALLOW ME TO INTRODUCE
YOUR LADIES-IN-WAITING,
BEATRICE AND DAPHNE.
Cinderella:
PLEASED TO MEET YOU.
YOU'RE JUST IN TIME
FOR BREAKFAST.
BREAKFAST! OOH!
WITH TOAST AND JAM?
YOUR HIGHNESS,
A PRINCESS NEVER
PREPARES HER OWN MEALS.
THAT IS NOT
HOW THINGS ARE DONE.
THERE ARE RULES
ABOUT BREAKFAST?
OH! OF COURSE THERE ARE
RULES, YOUR HIGHNESS.
BUT IT'S CERTAINLY
NOT YOUR FAULT
THAT YOU DON'T
KNOW THE TRADITIONS
OF THE CASTLE.
THAT'S WHAT THE KING
EXPECTS ME TO TEACH YOU.
I'M SURE I CAN LEARN IT
IN NO TIME.
MM-HMM. COME ALONG.
THERE'S NO TIME TO DALLY.
JUST DO AS I SAY AND
EVERYTHING WILL BE FINE.
Prudence: THE KING
WOULD BE HORRIFIED
TO FIND THE HOSTESS
OF THE ROYAL BANQUET
DRESSED LIKE
A SCULLERY MAID.
A PRINCESS MUST BE
ATTIRED LIKE ROYALTY.
[CLANK]
DO I HAVE TO WEAR THIS
ALL THE TIME?
OH, OF COURSE NOT,
YOUR HIGHNESS.
YOU'LL NEED SOMETHING
MUCH MORE FORMAL
FOR DINNER.
COULDN'T I JUST WEAR ONE
OF MY OWN DRESSES?
[LAUGHS] OH, HOW VERY
AMUSING, YOUR HIGHNESS,
BUT IT SIMPLY
ISN'T DONE.
[CREAKING]
IT'S SUCH
A BEAUTIFUL DAY.
WHY DON'T WE
OPEN THE CURTAINS?
Prudence:
NO, NO, NO!
THESE CURTAINS
ARE NEVER OPENED.
AND CERTAINLY NOT
BY A PRINCESS.
IT MOST DEFINITELY
ISN'T DONE.
Beatrice:
DUKES AND VISCOUNTS
SIT NEAREST THE KING
UNLESS THERE IS
A MARQUIS PRESENT.
Cinderella:
WOULDN'T IT BE NICE
IF PEOPLE COULD JUST
SIT WHEREVER THEY LIKE?
NO! YOU MUST
NEVER SEAT A DUKE
ABOVE A MARQUIS
OR BELOW A BARON.
WHICH COLOR
IS CORRECT,
YOUR HIGHNESS?
CREAM OR ECRU?
UM, ECRU?
GOODNESS, NO.
CREAM.
BUT THERE ISN'T
ANY DIFFERENCE.
OH, MY.
SO MUCH TO LEARN,
SO LITTLE TIME.
AT THE BANQUET,
AS ALWAYS,
THE ROYAL MENU
SHALL CONSIST
OF THE RAREST
ROAST BEEF,
FRENCH ONION SOUP,
DELICATE MASHED POTATOES,
FRESHLY BAKED
BAGUETTES,
THE FINEST TRUFFLES
IN THE KINGDOM,
AND, FOR DESSERT,
NORWEGIAN STEWED PRUNES.
Cinderella:
PRUNES?
FOR DESSERT?
THE KING EXPECTS IT.
IT IS A TRADITION
THAT IS NEVER BROKEN.
BESIDES, I LIKE THEM.
YOUR HIGHNESS
SHALL PAUSE HERE
TO GREET
HER NOBLE GUESTS.
REMEMBER, CURTSY
TO ROYALTY,
WAVE TO NOBILITY.
I KNOW I CAN
DO THIS RIGHT.
Group:
CINDERELLA! HI!
MY FRIENDS! HELLO!
HELLO! HOW NICE
TO SEE YOU.
WAIT, JUST
A MINUTE.
OPEN THE GATE!
NO, NO, NO!
THESE GATES ARE
ONLY OPENED
FOR ROYAL
VISITORS.
YOU MUST REMEMBER
THE RULES.
COMMONERS ARE NEVER
ALLOWED IN THE PALACE.
IT SIMPLY ISN'T DONE.
[CRYING]
BYE-BYE.
[PLAYING SOFT MUSIC]
Prudence:
AT THE VERY LEAST,
ONE MUST LEARN TO DANCE
WITH POISE AND GRACE.
I'M TRYING,
I-I-I JUST NEED
MORE PRACTICE.
IT MUST BE PERFECT.
IT IS THE KING'S
FAVORITE DANCE.
[YAWN]
Prudence: NO, NO, NO,
YOUR HIGHNESS.
IT MUST BE SLOWER
AND MORE FORMAL.
YOUR HIGHNESS,
EGGSHELL OR BONE?
EGGSHELL?
BONE.
NOW, WHO SITS
NEXT TO THE COUNT?
THE DUKE?
THE MARQUIS.
GOLD OR SILVER?
FOR WHAT?
BARON OR VISCOUNT?
WHO?
PEKOE OR DARJEELING?
I-I DON'T KNOW.
BRAISED OR BROILED?
FISH OR FOWL?
[OVERLAPPING QUESTIONS]
Prudence:
YOUR HIGHNESS?
[THUD]
Prudence:
YOUR HIGHNESS,
THE DANCE IS
BEST PERFORMED
ON ONE'S FEET.
[SIGHS]
Prudence:
THIS IS A DISASTER.
[SOBBING]
POOR CINDERELLY.
PLEASE DON'T CRY.
IF CINDERELLY NOT HAPPY,
MICE MICE NOT HAPPY.
JAQ, WHAT AM I
GOING TO DO?
I'M A COMPLETE FAILURE
AS A PRINCESS!
[SIGHS]
WHY CAN'T I LEARN
TO DO THIS RIGHT?
OH! LOOK AT ME!
CINDERELLY NOT LOOK
LIKE CINDERELLY.
IT'S TRUE.
SOMETHING'S JUST
NOT RIGHT HERE.
YEAH, LIKE, UH,
STEWED PRUNES!
EXACTLY, GUS.
AND WHY DO THEY HAVE TO
KEEP THE PALACE SO DARK?
AND THAT AWFUL DANCE.
AND THOSE BORING COLORS
THAT ALL LOOK THE SAME.
AND STEWED PRUNES!
ESPECIALLY THOSE RULES
ABOUT KEEPING COMMONERS
OUT OF THE PALACE!
WHY, I WAS A DISHMAID
WHEN THE PRINCE
MARRIED ME.
AND HE LOVES ME
BECAUSE I'M ME.
I'VE BEEN TRYING TO OBEY
SOMEONE ELSE'S RULES
ABOUT WHO I SHOULD BE
AND HOW I SHOULD DRESS.
THIS HAIR--EW!
I KNOW I CAN DO THIS.
I JUST HAVE TO STOP TRYING
TO BE SOMEONE ELSE.
UH, WHAT'S SHE
GONNA DO, JAQ JAQ?
GUS, I'M GOING TO PLAN
THIS BANQUET MY WAY.
♪♪ WHO'S TO SAY
THE RULES ♪♪
♪♪ MUST STAY THE SAME
FOREVERMORE? ♪♪
OPEN THE GATES!
♪♪ WHOEVER MADE THEM
HAD TO CHANGE ♪♪
♪♪ THE RULES
THAT CAME BEFORE ♪♪
♪♪ SO MAKE YOUR OWN WAY ♪♪
♪♪ SHOW THE BEAUTY WITHIN♪
♪♪ WHEN YOU FOLLOW
YOUR HEART ♪♪
♪♪ THERE'S NO HEART
YOU CAN'T WIN ♪♪
WHY, THANK YOU!
HMM!
YOUR HIGHNESS,
THE KING WOULD
NOT APPROVE.
YOU'RE SUPPOSED
TO BE INVITING
DUKES AND COUNTS
AND OTHER ARISTOCRATS.
I AM INVITING THEM,
ALONG WITH ALL MY FRIENDS
HERE IN THE VILLAGE.
YOUR HIGHNESS,
I STRONGLY ADVISE
AGAINST IT.
IT'S SIMPLY NOT THE WAY
THINGS ARE DONE.
PERHAPS THE TIME HAS COME
TO TRY SOMETHING NEW.
♪♪ SO REACH FOR THE SKY ♪♪
♪♪ IT'S NOT HIGH
AS IT SEEMS ♪♪
♪♪ JUST FOLLOW YOUR HEART♪
♪♪ GO AS FAR
AS YOUR DREAMS ♪♪
THIS PARTY
NEEDS HELP...
STARTING WITH DESSERT.
NO PRUNES!
YUCK!
JAQ JAQ LOVE
CHOCOLATE.
MMM...YAH!
[MILK POURING]
Cinderella:
CHOCOLATE PUDDING!
NOW THAT SOUNDS GOOD.
AIEE!
[LIVELY MUSIC PLAYING]
[LAUGHING]
Daphne: WE NEVER GET
TO DANCE LIKE THIS!
♪♪ DARE IF YOU WANT TO ♪♪
♪♪ DON'T FEAR YOU'LL FALL♪
♪♪ TAKE A CHANCE
'CAUSE IT'S BETTER ♪♪
♪♪ THAN NEVER TO CHANCE
IT AT ALL ♪♪
IT SIMPLY ISN'T DONE!
IT SIMPLY
ISN'T DONE!
♪♪ IT SIMPLY
ISN'T DONE ♪♪
[LAUGHING]
♪♪ THERE'S A WORLD
FOR THE CHANGING ♪♪
♪♪ AND YOU'VE JUST BEGUN ♪
♪♪ DON'T LET THEM
TELL YOU ♪♪
♪♪ IT'S SIMPLY NOT DONE ♪♪
♪♪ WHEN YOU FOLLOW
YOUR HEART ♪♪
♪♪ YOU'LL SHINE
BRIGHT AS THE SUN ♪♪
YOUR HIGHNESS,
SAND OR BUFF?
WHICH COLOR
DO YOU LIKE?
HMM...PINK!
HEE HEE. PERFECT.
HMM. SOMETHING'S
STILL MISSING.
NOW THAT'S MORE LIKE IT.
All: AHH.
AAH!
WHAT WILL THE KING SAY?
I KNOW THIS IS
A BIG CHANGE,
BUT I HAVE TO
TRY THIS MY WAY.
WELL, THEN.
I CERTAINLY HOPE
YOU KNOW WHAT
YOU'RE DOING.
[HORSES WHINNYING]
Jaq: THEY HERE,
CINDERELLY!
THEY HERE!
WELL, IT'S TOO LATE
TO TURN BACK NOW.
[LIVELY MUSIC PLAYING]
NOW THIS DANCE
IS MORE LIKE IT!
AAH! THIS DANCE IS
HORRIFYING!
[GIGGLES]
[TRUMPETS PLAYING]
THE KING HAS
ARRIVED.
[DOORS CLOSE]
Daphne: WOO-HOO!
[LAUGHS]
PUDDING!
UHH!
[GASP]
WHAT IN BLAZES
IS GOING ON HERE?
YOUR MAJESTY!
WHO OPENED
THOSE CURTAINS?
THIS IS ALL PRINCESS
CINDERELLA'S DOING!
OH! WHAT A LOVELY MOON!
I TRIED
TO TEACH HER, SIRE.
COMMONERS?
IN THE PALACE?
SHE SIMPLY
REFUSED TO LISTEN.
OH, HELLO,
GUISEPPE!
IT'S A SCANDAL!
YOUR MAJESTY,
I CAN EXPLAIN--
WHAT IS THIS?
YOUR DESSERT, SIRE.
NO PRUNES FOR DESSERT?
AN ABSOLUTE OUTRAGE!
MMM! CHOCOLATE!
MY FAVORITE.
[LAUGHING]
WHAT HAPPENED
TO THE MUSIC?
EVERYBODY DANCE!
[LIVELY MUSIC PLAYING]
I ALWAYS SAID
WE NEEDED
SOME NEW TRADITIONS
AROUND HERE.
GO ON NOW,
PRUDENCE.
YOU'RE MISSING
ALL THE FUN.
[TANGO MUSIC PLAYING]
DID I MISS
SOMETHING?
SURPRISE.
OH!
SPLENDID JOB. SPLENDID!
IT IS THE PRINCESS WHO
DESERVES YOUR PRAISE, SIRE.
AND I AM HONORED
TO BE AT HER HIGHNESS'S
SERVICE. AAH!
I THINK WE'RE GOING TO
BE GREAT FRIENDS.
[LIVELY MUSIC PLAYING]
[GULP]
[MUSIC STOPS]
[APPLAUSE]
I TOLD MY SON
HE HAD CHOSEN WELL.
YOU'RE A NATURAL.
HA HA HA!
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
ANOTHER DANCE!
[MUSIC STARTS]
I'M GLAD YOU DO THINGS
YOUR OWN WAY.
SOMEDAY I'LL GET THIS
PRINCESS THING RIGHT.
I THINK THAT DAY
IS TODAY.
WELL, CINDERELLA
CERTAINLY
TURNED THINGS AROUND,
DIDN'T SHE?
YEAH, NO MORE BIG HAIR.
OR PRUNES. YUCK!
[GRUNTING]
WHOO! CAN'T
GET IT. UHH!
OH, LET ME
HELP WITH THAT.
[POP]
WHOA!
WATCH IT!
I DON'T LIKE
THAT MAGIC STUFF.
REMEMBER WHAT
HAPPENED LAST TIME!
OH, NOW THERE'S A STORY
WE SHOULD TELL.
YEAH, THAT'S
A GOOD ONE!
HA HA HA HA--WHOA!
OH, NO. NO, NO, NO.
VERY, VERY BORING STORY.
WE DON'T WANNA
HEAR THAT ONE.
BUT JAQ, IT'S
MY FAVORITE.
OK, LET'S HEAR IT.
WELL, IT CERTAINLY WAS
AN UNUSUAL WISH, JAQ, DEAR.
BUT THINGS DIDN'T TURN OUT
QUITE THE WAY
YOU HAD PLANNED.
HEY! WHAT ARE WE DOIN'
IN THE GARDEN, JAQ JAQ?
GUS GUS NOT
HAD BREAKFAST YET.
[SIGHS]
GUS GUS,
WE ARE GOING
TO PICK FLOWERS
FOR CINDERELLY.
WHAT FOR?
OOF!
BECAUSE WE NEVER
GET A CHANCE
TO DO ANYTHING
FOR CINDERELLY NOW.
UH, SURE WE DO.
LIKE WHAT?
UH, LIKE WHAT?
UH, UH, LET'S SEE.
SEE?
UHH!
NAH, CINDERELLY
DON'T NEED MICE MICE.
SHE GOTS LOTS
OF PEOPLE TO HELP HER.
WELL, I WANNA BRING HER
A BIG BUNCH OF FLOWERS.
[MEOW]
[MEOW MEOW]
THAT'S ENOUGH!
YOU GOTTA THINK BIG,
GUS GUS.
[GASPS]
P-POM POM!
[MEOW]
Steward:
YOUR FLOWERS, HIGHNESS.
WELL, THANK YOU.
OH, THESE ARE
EVEN PRETTIER
THAN YESTERDAY'S.
[SNIFFING]
HERE'S THE LIST
OF REMAINING PREPARATIONS
FOR THE FESTIVAL
TOMORROW.
OH.
WE SURE THROW
A LOT OF PARTIES
AROUND HERE,
DON'T WE?
OH, THIS IS NO
MERE PARTY, HIGHNESS.
THIS IS
THE SPRING FESTIVAL!
[GROWLS]
OH, GOOD MORNING, FELLAS.
WHAT DO YOU HAVE THERE?
FOR YOU,
BUT THEY'RE
TOO SMALL.
THEY'RE BEAUTIFUL!
HOW VERY SWEET.
THANK YOU.
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
Steward: YOUR HIGHNESS,
THE FESTIVAL COMMITTEE
IS ASSEMBLED
IN THE LIBRARY
AWAITING
YOUR INSTRUCTIONS.
B-B-B-BAH!
AND THE BATH
IS IN THE PANTRY--
HEH HEH HEH--
AWAITING YOU.
Cinderella: I'LL
SEE YOU LATER, BOYS.
GOOD MORNING, JAQ.
HELLO, MARY.
PRETTY COAT!
I MADE IT FOR YOU.
WANNA TRY IT ON?
OH, VERY NICE.
[GASPS] CINDERELLY
FORGOT PARTY LIST!
JAQ CAN HELP!
TAKE LIST TO CINDERELLY!
[PANTING]
WHEW!
I GOT IT!
UHH! NO PROBLEM!
[GIGGLING]
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
OOF!
[MUFFLED VOICES]
Cinderella: NOW,
ANY OTHER SUGGESTIONS?
Man: I PROPOSE
WE MOVE
THE SPRING FESTIVAL
TO SUMMER.
Woman:
GENIUS!
Cinderella: I'M AFRAID
IT WOULDN'T BE
A SPRING FESTIVAL
ANYMORE.
Second man: YES, YES,
QUITE SO, OF COURSE NOT.
YUMMY.
[GRUNTING]
Second man:
...A BRILLIANT IDEA.
Cinderella: BUT THE FESTIVAL
IS FOR THE CHILDREN.
Second man: AND AN EVEN
MORE BRILLIANT REBUTTAL!
First man:
OH, I SUPPOSE...
Woman: AAH!
[CRASH]
OH! HELP!
OH, I CAN'T STAND MICE!
OH! EW! DISGUSTING! OH!
JAQ? ARE YOU
ALL RIGHT?
NO HELP
TO CINDERELLY.
JUST MAKE A BIG MESS.
I'M SORRY, JAQ.
TELL YOU WHAT.
I'M ABOUT TO GO OUT
TO THE FAIRGROUNDS.
WHY DON'T YOU
COME WITH ME?
I COULD REALLY
USE YOUR HELP.
HELP? ZOG ZOG!
MEET ME AT THE STABLES
IN 10 MINUTES.
NO PROBLEM!
[HORSE WHINNIES]
THERE, CHARGER.
[HUMMING]
YAH!
AAH!
UHH!
[PANTING]
WHEW.
WOW.
NOT SURE CINDERELLY
CAN FIND ME DOWN HERE.
[GRUNTING]
JAQ?
HEY--OH!
UHH!
JAQ?
YOUR HIGHNESS,
YOUR ESCORT IS WAITING
FOR YOU OUTSIDE.
THANK YOU. JAQ?
CINDERELLY!
[HORSE WHINNIES]
OH, WELL. I GUESS
HE COULDN'T COME.
OH, NO.
[GRUNTING]
CINDERELLY!
WAIT!
[HORSES WHINNY]
[GRUNTING]
CINDERELLY!
[HORSE WHINNIES]
[NICKERS]
UHH! UHH!
[SNORTS]
HEY--EEEEE!
UHH! UHH! UHH!
NO. CINDERELLY?
Jaq: I NEVER GET TO DO
ANYTHING ANYMORE.
I NEVER GET TO HELP.
OOH! GET LEFT BEHIND,
SITTING IN THE DIRT.
USED TO HELP A LOT.
NOW I'M TOO SMALL
TO DO THIS,
TOO SMALL TO DO THAT.
TOO SMALL TO HELP
CINDERELLY!
NO GOOD TO ANYBODY!
CASTLE NOT LIKE OLD HOUSE.
CASTLE FOR BIG PEOPLE.
NO PLACE FOR MICE.
NO PLACE!
EVERYTHING'S
BIGGER THAN ME.
EVEN FLOWERS BIGGER!
HUH! DON'T LIKE
BEING SMALL.
DON'T LIKE BEING A MOUSE!
I WISH I WAS BIG!
[TINKLING]
HMM? HUH?
[MEOW]
THERE, THERE, DEAR.
TELL ME ALL--
JAQ? UH, JAQ?
HUH! AHH!
OH, THERE
YOU ARE, DEAR.
I HEARD
YOUR WISH, JAQ.
AREN'T YOU HAPPY
THE WAY YOU ARE?
ONLY BIG PEOPLE
HELP CINDERELLY.
I WANNA BE BIG!
NO, I WANNA
BE HUMAN.
HUMAN? OH, GOOD HEAVENS!
BUT, JAQ, YOU'VE ALWAYS
HELPED CINDERELLA
JUST THE WAY YOU ARE.
CINDERELLY'S
A PRINCESS NOW.
NO TIME FOR MICE.
NOBODY LIKES MICE,
ANYWAY.
SO THAT'S
WHAT YOU THINK.
I GET BEAT UP BY CAT
AND HORSE
AND BIG SCARY LADY!
HUMANS ARE BIGGER.
BIGGER BETTER!
IF YOU REALLY
FEEL THAT WAY...
PERHAPS IT WOULD BE
FOR THE BEST
TO GRANT YOUR WISH.
BIBBIDI BOBBIDI BOO!
[MEOW]
♪♪ THE SUN'S UP SHINING ♪♪
♪♪ SILVER LINING ♪♪
♪♪ IT'S GONNA BE
A BEAUTIFUL DAY ♪♪
THE HUMAN JAQ.
HOW DO YOU DO?
♪♪ CHURCH BELLS
A-RINGING ♪♪
♪♪ BIRDS ALL SINGING ♪♪
♪♪ EVERYTHING'S
GOING MY WAY ♪♪
ZOG ZOG!
I REALLY AM
HUMAN!
♪♪ CLIMB THE TREES ♪♪
♪♪ SMELL THE BREEZE ♪♪
♪♪ LAUGH WITH ALL
YOUR MIGHT ♪♪
♪♪ BLUE SKIES SHOWING ♪♪
♪♪ EVERYTHING'S
GOING ALL RIGHT ♪♪
♪♪ WHOA WHOA ♪
♪♪ YOU'LL NEVER
STOP THE RAINING ♪♪
♪♪ BY SITTING
AND COMPLAINING ♪♪
♪♪ IT ALL COMES
DOWN TO YOU ♪♪
♪♪ YOU'LL SMILE AGAIN ♪♪
♪♪ IT HAPPENS WHEN ♪♪
♪♪ YOU CHANGE
YOUR POINT OF VIEW ♪♪
HA HA HA HA!
I LOVE THE VIEW
FROM UP HERE!
♪♪ WHEN YOU'RE SMALL ♪♪
♪♪ ONE INCH TALL ♪♪
♪♪ AND THEN
YOU'RE 6 FOOT 2 ♪♪
♪♪ YOU'VE HIT
THE BIG TIME NOW ♪♪
♪♪ AND THE WORLD IS
LOOKING UP TO YOU ♪♪
THERE SHE IS.
WHAT AM I
GOING TO SAY?
AHEM.
PRINCESS CINDERELLY,
IT'S ME, JAQ.
LOOK, I'M HUMAN NOW.
I'M HUMAN NOW, TOO!
[SCREECHES]
♪♪ WHEN YOU'RE SMALL ♪♪
♪♪ ONE INCH TALL ♪♪
♪♪ AND THEN
YOU'RE 6 FOOT 2 ♪♪
♪♪ YOU'VE HIT
THE BIG TIME NOW ♪♪
♪♪ THE WORLD IS
LOOKING UP TO YOU ♪♪
♪♪ YEAH, YOU ♪
[CLANK]
MY DEAR SIR!
YOU POOR MAN!
I AM HU-- [COUGHS]
OH, SIR HUGH,
IS IT?
WELL, THEN.
PLEASED TO KNOW YOU.
UH, KNOWS
TO PLEASE YOU, TOO.
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT,
SIR HUGH?
YES, YES--
HUGH, EH?
WOULD THAT
BE BELGIAN?
WHAT?
UH, NO, NO.
NO, NO, OF COURSE
NOT. NO ACCENT.
I'M SO SORRY
ABOUT THE MESS.
HERE, LET ME HELP YOU.
NO, NO! THAT'S
WHY I'M HERE!
TO HELP YOU! I'M--
AHA! THE COMMITTEE
SENT YOU.
OH. YOU'RE HERE TO HELP
WITH THE SPRING FESTIVAL?
YOU'RE DUTCH!
NO--
I MEAN, YES.
UH, BUT I'M--
[CLOCK CHIMES]
LATE. YOUR HIGHNESS,
IT IS LATE.
WE'RE EXPECTED BACK
AT THE PALACE.
SHALL WE RIDE BACK
TOGETHER?
RIDE? ON HORSES?
Jaq: AAH!
[HORSE WHINNIES]
SIR HUGH?
WHOA! WHOA!
HAVE YOU
RIDDEN BEFORE?
[CRASH]
Cinderella:
SIR HUGH? SIR HUGH?
OH, THERE YOU ARE.
OH, PEACH BLOSSOMS.
AREN'T YOU SWEET?
THEY'RE BEAUTIFUL.
THANK YOU.
AH, HIGHNESS,
THERE YOU ARE.
THE TAILOR IS
IN AN ABSOLUTE DITHER,
THE COOK IS HAVING
A CRISIS,
THE ANIMAL TRAINER
IS FLUMMOXED,
AND THEY'RE ALL
ASKING FOR YOU.
COULD YOU PLEASE
FIND A VASE FOR THESE?
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
Cinderella:
THANK YOU, SIR HUGH.
YOU'RE A BIG HELP.
[MEOW]
PERFECT! HELPING CINDERELLY
WITH FLOWERS.
[SNIFFING]
MMM.
[GROWLS]
POM POM!
[SCREECHES]
AAH!
I SHOULDN'T BE
AFRAID OF CAT.
AAH! I AM HUMAN NOW.
BIGGER THAN CAT!
BUT I AM STILL
AFRAID OF CAT!
[MEOW]
OH, GOOD.
YOU FOUND A VASE.
HEH HEH,
HAPPY TO HELP.
I--WHAT I WANT TO SAY--
YOUR HIGHNESS,
THE COUNTESS LeGRANDE
IS AWAITING YOU
IN THE DINING HALL.
THINK YOU COULD
KEEP HER COMPANY
TILL I GET THERE?
[MEOW]
Woman: A MOUSE!
[CRASH]
AAH!
WHAT AM I DOING?
I'M A MAN NOW!
Woman:
A BIG FAT MOUSE!
OH, NO!
GUS GUS!
[CRASH]
OH!
OOH! OH!
OOH!
UHH!
MY HERO!
OH, YOU SAVED ME.
WELL, I THINK WE
JUST FOUND THE COUPLE
TO LEAD
THE FIRST DANCE.
Cinderella:
WE BETTER GO GET READY.
I'LL SEND A VALET
FOR YOU, SIR HUGH.
SEE YOU
AT THE FESTIVAL!
Gus: HEY, MARY,
WHERE'S JAQ JAQ?
I DON'T KNOW, GUS.
[SIGHS] I'M WORRIED
ABOUT HIM.
WAIT!
[SADLY] IT'S ME.
JAQ, IS EVERYTHING
ALL RIGHT, DEAR?
UH--OH, YES. GREAT.
NO PROBLEM.
WELL, I THINK YOU GAVE YOUR
FRIENDS A BIT OF A FRIGHT.
THEY RAN AWAY FROM ME.
EVEN MARY.
OH, NOW SURELY YOU DON'T
MISS BEING A MOUSE?
NO, I GUESS NOT.
AREN'T YOU HAPPY
BEING HUMAN?
YEAH. SURE NOT AS
EASY AS I THOUGHT.
[CRUNCH]
BUT I KNOW I'LL GET IT.
AHEM! HER HIGHNESS
CINDERELLA
IS ASKING FOR YOU.
[CAT YOWLS]
THE EVENING'S FESTIVITIES
ARE UPON US!
ZOG ZOG!
JAQ?
ZOG ZOG, EH?
I DON'T BELIEVE I'M FAMILIAR
WITH THAT EXPRESSION.
UM, IT MEANS--
IT'S FRENCH!
AHA! FRENCH IS IT?
WELL, THAT
EXPLAINS EVERYTHING.
HMM.
[CAROUSEL MUSIC PLAYING]
Cinderella:
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
LET THE SPRING
FESTIVAL BEGIN!
[CHEERING]
LET'S VISIT
THE FERRIS WHEEL!
BEN!
Man: HA HA-HA!
UHH!
[GOOFY VOICE]
HI, HOW ARE YOU?
HA HA HA!
[ELEPHANT TRUMPETS]
OH, AN ELEPHANT!
COME ON! I JUST
LOVE ELEPHANTS!
YOUR MAJESTY, UH--
LET'S GO!
HMMPH!
[INDISTINCT TALKING]
UH, ARE YOU SURE
JAQ JAQ'S HERE, MARY?
HE MUST BE, GUS.
LET'S FIND HIM.
SIR HUGH, ARE YOU
ENJOYING YOURSELF?
WELL, UM...
THERE'S SOMETHING--
YOU'RE NOT WHISPERING
ABOUT ME, ARE YOU?
HA HA HA!
I BELIEVE I PROMISED
YOU TWO THE FIRST DANCE.
Jaq: AAH!
HA HA HA HA HA!
[LIVELY MUSIC PLAYING]
WHAT A LOVELY DANCER!
HA HA! OH, MY!
HA HA HA!
RARR!
OH! SIR HUGH!
IS THAT
YOUR KITTY?
OH! ISN'T SHE
PRECIOUS?!
UHH!
[SPLASH]
OH!
READY FOR
THE NEXT DANCE?
AAH!
UHH!
WHOO HOO HA!
OH! HA HA HA!
UHH!
[GROANS]
OH!
HOO HOO HOO!
HA HA!
[MEOW]
AAH!
Jaq: NICE KITTY.
OH!
AAH!
[THUD]
[ELEPHANT TRUMPETS]
UHH!
WHOA!
[TRUMPETS]
AAH!
[THUD]
[CRASH]
OH, I HATE ELEPHANTS!
[SCREAMING]
[TRUMPETING]
UHH!
[GASPS]
THIS IS ALL MY FAULT!
I WISH FAIRY GODMOTHER
WAS HERE!
JAQ, THIS IS
YOUR CHANCE TO HELP.
WHAT CAN I DO?!
HMM...AN ELEPHANT.
WHAT DO YOU THINK
COULD STOP HIM?
IN THE NAME OF THE KING!
DON'T KNOW!
PERHAPS A MOUSE?
AREN'T ALL ELEPHANTS
AFRAID OF MICE?
ARE YOU A MAN
OR A MOUSE?
I'M A MOUSE!
[TRUMPETING]
OH, DEAR, NOW!
[TRUMPETS]
HOW DOES IT GO AGAIN?
[LOUDER TRUMPET]
OH, YES! HA!
BIBBIDI BOBBIDI BOO!
[TRUMPETING STOPS]
HELP!
[THUD]
OH! I CAN SEE MY CASTLE!
[OVERLAPPING SPECULATION]
[CHEERING]
I GUESS THERE ARE SOME
THINGS ONLY A MOUSE CAN DO.
I'M A MOUSE!
[KISS]
HA HA! YES!
I'M A MOUSE! HA HA!
WHOO HOO! HEE HEE HEE!
HA HA HA! HO HO!
I'M A MOUSE!
I'M SO GLAD I'M A MOUSE!
JAQ IS BACK!
HA HA HA HA HA HA!
I'M A MOUSE!
A MOUSE.
♪♪ M-O-U-S-E ♪♪
♪♪ I'M A MOUSIE MOUSIE ♪♪
OOH! SIR HUGH'S KITTY!
OH!
COME, SWEETUMS!
LET'S GO FIND
YOUR MASTER.
OH, AREN'T YOU JUST
THE MOST PRECIOUS BABY!
OOH!
JAQ, THAT WAS SO BRAVE!
MARY, I REALLY MISSED YOU!
YOU'RE A HERO!
JAQ, YOU SAVED THE DAY!
I CAN ALWAYS
COUNT ON YOU.
YOU'RE RIGHT THERE
WHEN I NEED YOU.
I AM?
YES, YOU ARE.
I'M SO GLAD YOU'RE BACK!
[KISS]
ME, TOO!
[EXPLOSIONS]
THANK GOODNESS
THAT'S OVER!
YEAH! WHEW! NO MORE
MAGIC FOR JAQ JAQ!
[GIGGLES]
NOT EVEN A LITTLE?
WHOA!
WAIT! MAGIC MAKE THIS
GO A LOT FASTER!
LET'S GO TO WORK!
EHH! WEH! WHOA!
AAH!
OH!
[ZOOM]
UHH!
HUH?
DII--OOH!
[ERASING]
[GASPS]
GOOD GRACIOUS!
OH, NO!
I'M TRYING TO SEW!
I'M SPLATTERED!
HOW AWFUL!
IT'S TRAGIC!
I FEEL A BIT PALE.
WATCH OUT!
THAT'S MY TAIL!
I THINK WE'VE HAD
QUITE ENOUGH MAGIC!
[SCISSORS STOP SNIPPING]
[CLATTER]
[CLACK]
WHAT A MESS!
A BIG OLD,
STINKY MESS!
OH, WE'VE SEEN WORSE!
YEAH. REMEMBER WHEN
ANASTASIA FELL IN LOVE?
HEH HEH!
YEAH!
CINDERELLA'S STEPSISTER?
THAT ANASTASIA?
YEAH!
NOW, THAT'S A MESSY STORY!
NO.
IT'S A LOVE STORY.
[MUSIC BOX PLAYS MELODY]
[SIGHS]
[RIPPING TUG]
[MEOW!]
LUCIFER!
[GASPS]
HUH?
STOP HOGGING THE MIRROR!
[THUD]
[BUMP]
[CRASH]
[GASPS] THAT'S MINE!
NO! IT'S MINE!
NO! MINE!
HEY!
THAT'S MINE!
OH!
OH, YOU'RE RIGHT!
IT IS YOURS!
YOU DID THAT
ON PURPOSE!
DID NOT!
DID, TOO!
GIRLS, STOP ALL THIS
BICKERING AT ONCE!
CINDERELLA'S BALL
IS TOMORROW NIGHT,
SO PAY ATTENTION!
PBBBT!
EVERY NOBLE BACHELOR IN
THE KINGDOM WILL BE THERE.
IF YOU WANT TO
FIND A HUSBAND,
YOU HAVE TO MAKE THE MOST
OF THIS OPPORTUNITY.
I WON'T LET YOU FAIL ME...
AGAIN!
YES, MOTHER.
DRIZELLA,
PIN BACK THOSE CURLS.
ANASTASIA, PUT MORE
COLOR IN YOUR CHEEKS!
A PERFECT APPEARANCE
IS THE ONLY WAY
TO ATTRACT
A PROPER GENTLEMAN.
WE SHALL FIND YOU
MEN OF WEALTH...
AND NOBILITY.
MAYBE A COUNT!
OR A DUKE!
Mother: PRECISELY.
COME ALONG NOW.
WE NEED NEW GOWNS
FOR THE BOTH OF YOU.
Anastasia:
WITH NEW SHOES!
Drizella: AND JEWELRY!
THE FANCIER THE BETTER!
LUCIFER, COME.
Mother: LUCIFER!
[GRUMPY MEOW]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
[TWEETING]
SHH!
Jaq Jaq:
MORNING, CINDERELLY!
WHY YOU DRESSED
LIKE THAT?
I'M GOING TO
THE MARKET IN DISGUISE
SO NO ONE
WILL RECOGNIZE ME.
I WANT TO SURPRISE THE PRINCE
WITH A GARLAND OF FLOWERS.
WANT TO COME ALONG?
[OVERLAPPING AGREEMENT]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
[TOWNSPEOPLE TALKING]
[DOG BARKS]
[CLANGING]
[TAPPING]
Flower vendor:
REMEMBER THE TRADITION.
GIVE THESE TO
EACH OTHER AT THE BALL
AND YOU'LL
ALWAYS BE TOGETHER.
DON'T YOU NEED A GARLAND
OF ROSES FOR THE BALL?
GUARANTEED
TO WIN YOU HIS HEART.
Mother: ANASTASIA,
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!
OH! NOTHING!
COMING!
[SNIFFS]
EVERYTHING
SMELLS SO GOOD!
WOULD YOU LIKE ONE?
OH! BE CAREFUL!
THEY'RE HOT!
[FOOTFALL]
ANASTASIA, I THINK NOT.
EVERYTHING
IN THIS SHOP IS...
INFERIOR.
YOU CAN BUILD A HOUSE
OUT OF THESE BRICKS!
COME ALONG,
ANASTASIA!
YOU'RE NOT TO SAY A WORD
TO THAT...SHOPKEEPER.
I FORBID IT!
YES, MOTHER.
Cinderella:
HE'S GOT THAT LOOK...
AND I KNOW THAT LOOK!
SEASICK? HA HA!
HA HA HA!
WHOO HOO HOO HOO!
OH, VERY FUNNY.
[BIRDS TWEET]
I THINK THEY'RE IN LOVE.
ANASTASIA'S IN LOVE?
THAT'S CRAZY, CINDERELLY!
OH, COME ON, YOU TWO!
ANYONE CAN FALL IN LOVE.
HAH! ANYONE
BUT ANASTASIA!
MAYBE SHE JUST
NEEDS SOME HELP.
YEAH! LOTS OF HELP!
WELL, I HAD LOTS OF HELP,
TOO, REMEMBER?
[TWEETING]
WE HAVE TO FIGURE OUT HOW
TO GET THEM TOGETHER AGAIN.
I KNOW! WE'LL LURE THEM
INTO THE SQUARE...
AND HERE'S HOW WE'LL DO IT.
[WHISPERING]
OH! HA HA HA!
THAT'S RIGHT, GUS!
THEY'LL NEVER KNOW
WHAT HIT THEM!
[TWEETING]
AAH! OH!
HEY!
OK, FELLAS, GET HIS
ATTENTION, AND REMEMBER,
KEEP IT SIMPLE.
[QUIET SCUFFLING]
WHOO! HA!
HA HA!
HEE HEE!
HOO HA!
WHOO HOO!
HEE HA!
WAH HA!
HOO HA!
HOO!
HOO...HA!
[SILENCE]
[WHISTLES]
HOO HEE!
HA HA!
[THUD]
MICE IN MY BAGUETTES!
AAH!
WHOA!
HA HA!
HOO HOO!
[SNORING]
OOH!
EEH!
LUCIFEY!
UHH!
OH!
COME BACK HERE! OH!
[TWEETING]
OH!
FILTHY CREATURES!
HMMPH!
[LUCIFER YOWLS]
[NEIGHING]
[GASPS AND GROANS]
[THUD]
[CRASH]
OOH!
[SPUTTERING]
[GASPS]
ARE YOU OK?
OH, NO! [CRYING]
[LAUGHTER]
OH!
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
Cinderella:
ANASTASIA?
HUH?
WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE...
DRESSED LIKE THAT?
YOU LOOK LIKE
A LAUNDRY MAID.
I'M NOT THE ONE
WITH EGG ON MY FACE.
I SAW YOU
IN THE BAKER'S SHOP.
[ANASTASIA GROANS]
HE MUST THINK I'M--OH!
HE SAW IT WAS AN ACCIDENT.
DON'T GIVE UP SO FAST.
WHAT WOULD YOU KNOW?
YOU'RE BEAUTIFUL.
IT'S ALWAYS BEEN
EASY FOR YOU.
EASY?! THAT'S NOT
HOW I REMEMBER IT.
LOOK, ANASTASIA,
YOU JUST NEED A LITTLE
HELP, THAT'S ALL.
IF I WEREN'T
SO CLUMSY AND PLAIN--
LISTEN, WHY DON'T YOU
COME BACK TO THE CASTLE?
WE'LL CLEAN YOU UP AND THEN
WE'LL GET YOU TWO TOGETHER.
BUT MOTHER FORBIDS IT!
SHE THINKS
HE'S BENEATH ME!
AND I THINK SHE'S WRONG.
THE BAKER'S TERRIFIC!
AND HE COOKS, TOO!
[MICE PANICKING]
[PANTING]
AAH!
[QUIVERING]
HUH?
[ROMANTIC MUSIC SWELLS]
HMMPH!
[SNAPS FINGERS]
[LAPPING]
PSST!
YOO-HOO!
[YOWLING]
LUCIFEY
LIKE POM POM, YES?
MICE CAN HELP
IF LUCIFEY PROMISE
TO STOP CHASING MICE!
DEAL?
MM-MMM!
Cinderella: THERE!
GOOD AS NEW!
DON'T STOP NOW!
MOTHER SAYS THAT LOOKS
COUNT FOR EVERYTHING!
WELL, OF COURSE YOU
WANT TO LOOK YOUR BEST,
BUT THAT'S NOT THE
MOST IMPORTANT THING.
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH!
WHAT I NEED
IS A WHOLE NEW LOOK!
♪♪ MAKE ME LOOK GOOD ♪♪
♪♪ MAKE ME LOOK SWELL ♪♪
♪♪ MAKE ME LOOK FINE ♪♪
♪♪ WE'RE POURIN' IT ON ♪♪
♪♪ YOU JUST SIT BACK ♪♪
♪♪ 'CAUSE, BABY, YOU'RE MINE ♪
♪♪ YOU SEND ME
INTO A SPIN ♪♪
♪♪ MAKE A SPLASH
WHEN YOU WALK IN ♪♪
♪♪ THOSE EYES SO RARE ♪♪
♪♪ THE LIPS, THE HAIR ♪♪
♪♪ YOU'RE A BREATH
OF FRESH AIR ♪♪
[COUGHS]
[YOWLS] D'OH!
♪♪ BRUSHING THE FUR ♪♪
♪♪ COMB THE HAIR OUT ♪♪
♪♪ TRIM UP THE TOES ♪♪
[SNIP SNIP]
♪♪ GIVE ME THE DRESS ♪♪
♪♪ AND THE SHOES AND
THE JEWELRY AND CLOTHES ♪♪
♪♪ YOU CAN JUDGE
YOUR BOOKS ♪♪
♪♪ FROM HOW
THE COVER LOOKS ♪♪
♪♪ WEAR MAKEUP
BY THE OUNCE ♪♪
♪♪ BUT DIDN'T
THEY TELL YOU ♪♪
♪♪ IT'S WHAT'S INSIDE
THAT COUNTS? ♪♪
♪♪ MAKE ME A STAR ♪♪
♪♪ MAKE ME LOOK GREAT ♪♪
♪♪ MAKE ME LOOK GRAND ♪♪
♪♪ I GOT STYLE AND GRACE ♪
♪♪ BUT IT'S
A PAINTED-UP FACE ♪♪
♪♪ GETS YOU A MAN ♪♪
♪♪ SNIP, CUT,
WHEN WE ARE THROUGH ♪♪
♪♪ YOU'RE GONNA LOOK
SO GOOD, IT'S TRUE ♪♪
♪♪ THE FUR, THE BOWS,
THE CHIN, THE NOSE ♪♪
♪♪ MMM, AHH,
OOH-LA-LA! ♪♪
♪♪ LOOKS WON'T HIDE ♪♪
♪♪ IT'S WHAT'S INSIDE
THAT COUNTS ♪♪
♪♪ YOU WANNA BE A BRIDE? ♪
♪♪ IT'S WHAT'S INSIDE
THAT COUNTS ♪♪
WHAT ABOUT A NECKLACE?
[HAUGHTY MEOW]
Cinderella: LUCIFER!
STUPID CAT!
HMMPH!
REMEMBER, YOU'LL CATCH
MORE FLIES WITH HONEY
THAN WITH VINEGAR.
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
WHO'D WANT TO
CATCH FLIES?
I MEAN THE BEST WAY
TO IMPRESS THE BAKER
IS JUST TO BE
NICE TO HIM.
HOW DO I DO THAT?!
YOU COULD START
WITH A SMILE.
BETTER GET ME
A BIGGER NECKLACE.
[SIGHS]
COME ON.
[HISSES]
[YOWL]
I MAKE BABIES CRY, TOO.
HERE.
HE'LL NEVER BE ABLE
TO RESIST.
YOU THINK SO?
BUT WHAT IF MOTHER
CATCHES ME?!
SHE TOLD ME
NEVER TO SPEAK TO
THE BAKER AGAIN!
MAYBE IT'S TIME
TO STOP FOLLOWING
SOMEONE ELSE'S ORDERS
AND START
FOLLOWING YOUR HEART.
[CLOCK CHIMES]
IT'S LATE!
I HAVE TO GO!
BUT WHAT ABOUT
THE BAKER?
I COULD WALK YOU
TO HIS SHOP.
MEET YOU
IN THE MARKET
AT NOON TOMORROW?
I CAN HARDLY WAIT!
[DOOR CLOSES]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
[PUTS BRUSH DOWN]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[SNIFF, SNIFF]
[GASPS] HUH?
[FOOTFALL]
HMM.
[GASPS]
[CLOCK CHIMES]
MOTHER, I HAVE TO
RUN TO TOWN!
WE'RE OUT OF BREAD!
HEY!
EXCUSE ME, CAN I
BORROW THIS? THANKS!
UHH!
[THUD]
HYAH!
[WHINNY]
[GASPS]
OH!
[INHALES DEEPLY]
[SNIFFS]
I'LL WAIT FOR YOU
BY THE APPLE CART.
DO YOU THINK
SHE'LL LIKE THEM?
THEY'RE BEAUTIFUL!
SHE'S GOING TO
LOVE THEM!
[GASPS]
OH! UHH!
[CRYING]
WHAT?!
WHAT HAPPENED?!
[CRYING]
[HORSE WHINNIES]
Cinderella: ANASTASIA!
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
[CRYING]
[GULPS]
[SNIFFING]
[CHEERING]
RUN FOR IT!
[YOWLING]
OOH!
UH--UH--UHH!
[SLAM]
AH-IE-IE!
UH--UH-UHH!
[SPLASH]
[WHACK]
[SQUISH]
THE DEAL IS OFF!
[CONK]
[THUD]
[GOAT BLEATS]
UHH! UHH!
[BLEATING]
UHH!
[GOAT BLEATING]
[ANASTASIA CRYING]
[GASPS]
DON'T LOOK AT ME!
I LOOK HORRIBLE!
WAIT! PLEASE!
Mother: ANASTASIA!
HOW DARE YOU DEFY ME!
YOU WERE FORBIDDEN
TO SPEAK TO THIS MAN!
OH! LOOK AT HER!
IT'S A DISASTER!
WE'LL BE
THE LAUGHINGSTOCK
OF THE ENTIRE TOW!
YOU'VE EMBARRASSED YOURSELF
QUITE ENOUGH
WITH THIS FOOLISHNESS!
DEAR CHILD,
YOU KNOW I ONLY HAVE
YOUR BEST INTERESTS
AT HEART.
YOU DESERVE BETTER.
COME ALONG.
NO, MOTHER!
YOU'RE WRONG!
HE'S SWEET!
SHE'S WONDERFUL!
HE'S ROMANTIC!
AND WE ARE GOING TO
THE BALL TOGETHER.
[GASPS]
DRIZELLA, COME ALONG!
Mother: DRIZELLA!
[ROMANTIC MUSIC PLAYING]
OH, THANK YOU!
I NEVER DREAMED
I COULD BE THIS HAPPY!
YOU SEE?
DREAMS DO COME TRUE!
[KISS]
[MUSIC CONTINUES]
[TWEET]
[SATISFIED SIGHS]
HMM. LOOKS GOOD!
HMM. NEEDS SOMETHING.
OH, GUS GUS!
WHERE'S YOUR BOW?
RIGHT HERE!
[PLOP]
TA-DA!
PERFECT!
[SLAM]
ALL FINISHED!
ARE YOU READY
TO SHOW CINDERELLA?
LOOK!
Mary: THERE SHE IS!
LET'S GO!
Mice: ♪♪ SALAGADOOLA
MECHICKA BOOLA ♪♪
♪♪ BIBBIDI BOBBIDI BOO ♪♪
♪♪ PUT 'EM TOGETHER
AND WHAT HAVE YOU GOT? ♪♪
♪♪ BIBBIDI BOBBIDI BOO ♪♪
♪♪ SALAGADOOLA
MECHICKA BOOLA ♪♪
♪♪ BIBBIDI BOBBIDI BOO ♪♪
♪♪ IT'LL DO MAGIC,
BELIEVE IT OR NOT ♪♪
♪♪ BIBBIDI BOBBIDI BOO ♪♪
♪♪ A-SALAGADOOLA MEANS ♪♪
♪♪ A-MECHICKA BOOLEROO ♪♪
♪♪ BUT THE THINGAMABOB
THAT DOES THE JOB ♪♪
♪♪ IS BIBBIDI BOBBIDI BOO♪
Jaq: CINDERELLY!
YOO-HOO!
CINDERELLY!
Jaq: LOOK WHAT WE MADE!
Mice: WHOA!
Jaq: LOOK OUT!
WHAT'S THIS?
IT'S A BOOK!
WE MADE IT!
DO YA LIKE IT?
I LOVE IT!
WHAT'S IT ABOUT?
UH, IT'S ABOUT
ALL OF US!
HOW WONDERFUL!
I DON'T SUPPOSE
YOU'D WANT
TO READ THIS TOGETHER,
WOULD YOU?
[CHEERING]
OH, LOOK!
WE'RE ALL IN HERE.
AND THESE ARE OUR STORIES.
"ONCE UPON A TIME
THERE WAS A BIG CASTLE,
AND IN THIS CASTLE LIVED
A PRINCE AND A PRINCESS..."
[WHISPERING]
♪♪ IT'S MAGIC ♪♪
♪♪ SALAGADOOLA ♪♪
♪♪ MECHICKA BOOLA ♪♪
♪♪ BIBBIDI BOBBIDI ♪♪
♪♪ SALAGADOOLA ♪♪
♪♪ MECHICKA BOOLA ♪♪
♪♪ BIBBIDI BOBBIDI ♪♪
♪♪ MIRROR, MIRROR,
ON THE WALL ♪♪
♪♪ CAN YOU PICTURE ME
AT ALL? ♪♪
♪♪ I CAN BE WHATEVER
I WANT TO BE ♪♪
♪♪ I CAN MAKE
MY STORY CHANGE ♪♪
♪♪ JUST LIKE
IN A PICTURE FRAME ♪♪
♪♪ MAGIC SPELLS
AND FAIRY TALES ♪♪
♪♪ PENNIES
IN A WISHING WELL ♪♪
♪♪ TO PICK UP THE PIECES ♪
♪♪ YOU JUST LOOK INSIDE ♪♪
♪♪ AND WHEN YOU PUT IT
TOGETHER ♪♪
♪♪ IT'S MAGIC ♪♪
♪♪ PUT IT TOGETHER ♪♪
♪♪ AND GO ALACA ALACAZOO ♪
♪♪ AND WHEN YOU
PUT IT TOGETHER ♪♪
♪♪ IT'S MAGIC ♪♪
♪♪ PUT IT TOGETHER ♪♪
♪♪ 'CAUSE ALL YOU NEED IS
INSIDE OF YOU ♪♪
♪♪ SO PUT IT TOGETHER ♪♪
♪♪ AND GO
BIBBIDI BOBBIDI BOO ♪♪
♪♪ SALAGADOOLA ♪♪
♪♪ MECHICKA BOOLA ♪♪
♪♪ BIBBIDI BOBBIDI ♪♪
♪♪ EVERYBODY HAS A DREAM ♪
♪♪ SOMETIMES IT'S LIKE
IT NEVER SEEMS ♪♪
♪♪ THAT YOUR WISH WILL
CHANGE TO REALITY ♪♪
♪♪ WHEN YOU FEEL
YOU'VE HAD ENOUGH ♪♪
♪♪ DON'T YOU THINK
OF GIVING UP ♪♪
♪♪ THERE'S NO MOUNTAIN
YOU CAN'T CLIMB ♪♪
♪♪ ONE STEP AT A TIME ♪♪
♪♪ ALL THAT YOU NEEDED ♪♪
♪♪ WAS THERE ALL THE TIME♪
♪♪ AND WHEN YOU
PUT IT TOGETHER ♪♪
♪♪ IT'S MAGIC ♪♪
♪♪ PUT IT TOGETHER ♪♪
♪♪ AND GO ALACA ALACAZOO ♪
♪♪ AND WHEN YOU
PUT IT TOGETHER ♪♪
♪♪ IT'S MAGIC ♪♪
♪♪ PUT IT TOGETHER ♪♪
♪♪ 'CAUSE ALL YOU NEED
IS INSIDE OF YOU ♪♪
♪♪ SO PUT IT TOGETHER ♪♪
♪♪ AND GO
BIBBIDI BOBBIDI BOO ♪♪
♪♪ SALAGADOOLA ♪♪
♪♪ MECHICKA BOOLA ♪♪
♪♪ BIBBIDI BOBBIDI ♪♪
♪♪ SALAGADOOLA ♪♪
♪♪ MECHICKA BOOLA ♪♪
♪♪ BIBBIDI BOBBIDI ♪♪
♪♪ ALL THAT YOU NEEDED ♪♪
♪♪ WAS THERE ALL THE TIME♪
♪♪ AND WHEN YOU
PUT IT TOGETHER ♪♪
♪♪ IT'S MAGIC ♪♪
♪♪ PUT IT TOGETHER ♪♪
♪♪ AND GO ALACA ALACAZOO ♪
♪♪ AND WHEN YOU
PUT IT TOGETHER ♪♪
♪♪ IT'S MAGIC ♪♪
♪♪ PUT IT TOGETHER ♪♪
♪♪ 'CAUSE ALL YOU NEED
IS INSIDE OF YOU ♪♪
♪♪ AND WHEN YOU
PUT IT TOGETHER ♪♪
♪♪ IT'S MAGIC ♪♪
♪♪ PUT IT TOGETHER ♪♪
♪♪ AND GO ALACA ALACAZOO ♪
♪♪ AND WHEN YOU
PUT IT TOGETHER ♪♪
♪♪ IT'S MAGIC ♪♪
♪♪ PUT IT TOGETHER ♪♪
♪♪ 'CAUSE ALL YOU NEED
IS INSIDE OF YOU ♪♪
♪♪ SO PUT IT TOGETHER ♪♪
♪♪ AND GO
BIBBIDI BOBBIDI BOO ♪♪
♪♪ SALAGADOOLA ♪♪
♪♪ MECHICKA BOOLA ♪♪
♪♪ BIBBIDI BOBBIDI ♪♪
♪♪ SALAGADOOLA ♪♪
♪♪ MECHICKA BOOLA ♪♪
♪♪ BIBBIDI BOBBIDI ♪♪
♪♪ SALAGADOOLA ♪♪
♪♪ MECHICKA BOOLA ♪♪
♪♪ BIBBIDI BOBBIDI ♪♪
♪♪ SALAGADOOLA ♪♪
♪♪ MECHICKA BOOLA ♪♪
♪♪ BIBBIDI BOBBIDI ♪♪
♪♪ SALAGADOOLA ♪♪
♪♪ MECHICKA BOOLA ♪♪
♪♪ BIBBIDI BOBBIDI ♪♪
♪♪ SALAGADOOLA ♪♪
♪♪ MECHICKA BOOLA ♪♪
♪♪ BIBBIDI BOBBIDI ♪♪